README.md, before:

# ![Preview1](http://i.imgur.com/fIPNYkb.png) Crafting Guide

#### `craftguide` is the most comprehensive crafting guide on Minetest.
#### Consult the [Minetest Wiki](http://wiki.minetest.net/Crafting_guide) for more details.

This crafting guide is a blue book named *"Crafting Guide"* or a wooden sign.

This crafting guide features a **progressive mode**.
The progressive mode is a Terraria-like system that only shows recipes you can craft from items in inventory.
The progressive mode can be enabled with `craftguide_progressive_mode = true` in `minetest.conf`.

`craftguide` is also integrated in `sfinv` (Minetest Game inventory) when you enable it with
`craftguide_sfinv_only = true` in `minetest.conf`.

Use the command `/craft` to show the recipe(s) of the pointed node.

![Preview2](https://i.imgur.com/bToFH38.png)

---

## API

### Custom recipes

#### Registering a custom crafting type

```Lua
craftguide.register_craft_type("digging", {
	description = "Digging",
	icon = "default_tool_steelpick.png",
})
```

#### Registering a custom crafting recipe

```Lua
craftguide.register_craft({
	type   = "digging",
	width  = 1,
	output = "default:cobble 2",
	items  = {"default:stone"},
})
```

### Progressive mode

#### `craftguide.progressive_filter_recipes(recipes, player)`

This function is used to filter recipes when progressive mode is enabled. It can
be overridden to change the recipes that are normally displayed.

The function should return the recipes to be displayed, given the available
recipes and an `ObjectRef` to the craft guide user. Each recipe is a table of
the form returned by `minetest.get_craft_recipe`.

Example function to hide recipes for items from a mod called "secretstuff":

```lua
function craftguide.progressive_filter_recipes(recipes, player)
	local filtered = {}
	for _, recipe in ipairs(recipes) do
		if recipe.output:sub(1, 12) ~= "secretstuff:" then
			filtered[#filtered + 1] = recipe
		end
	end
	return filtered
end
```

Commit message:

Progressive mode: Add functions in API to add/set/get filters

README.md, after:

# ![Preview1](http://i.imgur.com/fIPNYkb.png) Crafting Guide

#### `craftguide` is the most comprehensive crafting guide on Minetest.
#### Consult the [Minetest Wiki](http://wiki.minetest.net/Crafting_guide) for more details.

This crafting guide is a blue book named *"Crafting Guide"* or a wooden sign.

This crafting guide features a **progressive mode**.
The progressive mode is a Terraria-like system that only shows recipes you can craft from items in inventory.
The progressive mode can be enabled with `craftguide_progressive_mode = true` in `minetest.conf`.

`craftguide` is also integrated in `sfinv` (Minetest Game inventory) when you enable it with
`craftguide_sfinv_only = true` in `minetest.conf`.

Use the command `/craft` to show the recipe(s) of the pointed node.

![Preview2](https://i.imgur.com/bToFH38.png)

---

## API

### Custom recipes

#### Registering a custom crafting type

```Lua
craftguide.register_craft_type("digging", {
	description = "Digging",
	icon = "default_tool_steelpick.png",
})
```

#### Registering a custom crafting recipe

```Lua
craftguide.register_craft({
	type   = "digging",
	width  = 1,
	output = "default:cobble 2",
	items  = {"default:stone"},
})
```

### Progressive mode

#### `craftguide.add_progressive_filter(function(recipes, player))`

This function adds a recipe filter when progressive mode is enabled.
The default `craftguide` filter will still be used.

Example function to hide recipes for items from a mod called "secretstuff":

```lua
craftguide.add_progressive_filter(function(recipes)
	local filtered = {}
	for _, recipe in ipairs(recipes) do
		if recipe.output:sub(1,12) ~= "secretstuff:" then
			filtered[#filtered + 1] = recipe
		end
	end

	return filtered
end)
```

#### `craftguide.set_progressive_filter(function(recipes, player))`

This function sets an unique recipes filter when progressive mode is enabled.
The default `craftguide` progressive filter will be overridden.

#### `craftguide.get_progressive_filters()`

This function returns all progressive filters that are applied to recipes in progressive mode.
